in the heart of Monteverde in Rome on the
mythical of a fabiola there is the craziest and
cheeky city ​​comic book surpasses
people try easy and some comics
time it loses its head
you have no idea what to expect in
this episode of the comic book
I passed this wolverine paws for
do a bit of money because it is associated
the salesman of 1947 48 runs 49 and medium
side 44 you feel but the last I would like
believe this wise wisdom of
wolverine brings out the stars or make them
shop and at anzio
you hear uncle but you do the speech you
please 2 euros
sorry 25 please someone does the
Quran not cured stores and thinks of
screw me is the one that stands on the bridge
rock and see it all but what if 9
etc
and then he never says and I would not like this
it is not so immediate it was me
but by no means hello Friday and then in
shops and think of insulting Matthew but
I know what field putting mine
comment I know of known is a boy band
short you put it then chronicle there
I see nothing collecchio
Hello
the market is a comic strip
you got it
it is a coffee and eternally a cappuccino
Christmas product yes I recommend
welcome this the robbery look at us
measure all this
how much is this
out from May original front though
look you find it so you find it understood of
data
I could die
the